The demonstration vehicle for this course will be based on a use
case from Keysoft Inc., a fictitious company,
that developed an award-winning bug tracking system called TrackZilla.
TrackZilla is a cloud-based web application that tracks defects and
enhancement requests for software applications.
TrackZilla has a global reach with millions of users around the globe.
This system has shown stability issues and users
have complained about missing data.
The development team is tasked with uncovering the bugs and
using Spring to manage transactions and effectively handle
rollbacks in the event of a system failure.
During the course,
you'll walk through the use case of updating TrackZilla to effectively
handle transactions by using either declarative transaction management
or programmatic transaction management.
Along with the basic knowledge highlighted in the learning path,
there are prerequisite tools needed on your machine.
JDK 1.
8 or later, a favorite text editor or IDE.
For this course, I will use IntelliJ.
But tools like Eclipse will also work.
Maven 3.
0 or above.
This runs in the IDE, but you can run from the command line,
which will require you to install it.
Git and Postman to help test the APIs.
Let's visually review how the code is set up.
There's the Spring RestController, a service layer,
a data access layer, domain objects, and an H2 in-memory database.
The project uses Spring @RestController, Spring Data JPA, Spring Boot, H2, and also JUnit.